round 1:
Alexa open hurricane center
Welcome to the Hurricane Center. Tropical Depression Delta is currently active, approximately  miles . Please say something like, tell me about Tropical Depression Delta, to hear the forecast on a single storm. Or say yes to hear them all.
Help
The Hurricane Center provides information about tropical storms. If you would like to hear about storms from this year, say What are storms from this year. For information related to storms from prior years, please say What is the storm history for a specific year. If you would like to hear a fact about tropical storms, please say tell me a storm fact.
What is the storm history for a specific year
So far this year there have been 0 hurricanes in the Atlantic and 1 in the Pacific. There have been 0 Tropical Storms in the Atlantic and 1 in the Pacific. If you want information on current storms, please say List Current Storms.
List Current Storms
Here is the latest forecast. As of 1000 AM Central Daylight Time, Saturday, October 10 2020, in the Atlantic Ocean, Tropical Depression Delta is currently producing winds of 0 miles per hour. The storm center has a low pressure of null millibars. From the National Hurricane Center in Miami, Florida. A Hurricane Warning has been issued for High Island, Texas to Morgan City, Louisiana. . A Hurricane Warning means that hurricane conditions are expected somewhere within the warning area within the next 36 hours. The storm center is currently located near n<.DOCTYPE  North and TYPE  West and approximately  miles . . Present movement is toward the PE HTML PUBLIC W3CD at null miles per hour, and this general motion is expected to change with reduction in forward speed this afternoon.  A turn toward the north is forecast to occur by late tonight, followed by a northnortheastward motion by Friday afternoon or Friday night. On the forecast track, the center of Delta will move over the western Gulf of Mexico this afternoon, over the northwestern Gulf of Mexico on Friday, and then move inland within the hurricane warning area Friday afternoon or Friday night. . Friday through Saturday, Delta is expected to produce 5 to 10 inches of rain, with isolated maximum totals of 15 inches, from southwest into southcentral Louisiana. These rainfall amounts will lead to significant flash, urban, small stream flooding, along with minor to isolated moderate river flooding. For extreme east Texas into northern Louisiana, southern Arkansas and western Mississippi, Delta is expected to produce 3 to 6 inches of rain, with isolated maximum totals of 10 inches.  These rainfall amounts will lead to flash, urban, small stream and isolated minor river flooding. As Delta moves farther inland, 1 to 3 inches of rain, with locally higher amounts, are expected in the Ohio Valley and Mid Atlantic this weekend. .  Hurricane conditions are expected within the hurricane warning area by Friday afternoon or evening, with tropical storm conditions expected within this area by early Friday.  Tropical storm conditions are expected within the tropical storm warning areas on Friday, and are possible in the tropical storm watch area Friday night. . The next complete advisory will be at 01 Transiti.  Please check back later as we track this potentially dangerous event. If you would like to learn more about storms, please say something like Tell me a Storm Fact.
Arkansas
Would you like to learn more about storms. If so, please say give me a storm fact.
give me a storm fact
Here is your tropical storm fact. During Hurricane Harvey, the local National Weather Service office in Houston observed alltime record daily rainfall accumulations on both August 26 and 27, measured at 14.4 inches and 16.08 inches respectively. If you would like to hear another fact, please say something like Give me a storm fact.
Give me a storm fact
Here is your tropical storm fact. In 2004, Hurricane Catarina formed in the Southern Atlantic Ocean. It hit the southern coast of Brazil in the state of Santa Catarina on the evening of March 28, with winds estimated near 96 miles per hour. If you would like to hear another fact, please say something like Give me a storm fact.
something like
If you would like another tropical storm fact, please say give me a storm fact.
give me a storm fact
Here is your tropical storm fact. In 2017, Hurricane Maria completely destroyed the island of Puerto Ricos power grid, leaving all 3.4 million residents without electricity. If you would like to hear another fact, please say something like Give me a storm fact.
something like
If you would like another tropical storm fact, please say give me a storm fact.
tell me about Tropical Depression Delta
This forecast comes from the National Hurricane Center and is updated every three to six hours. Tropical Depression Delta is an active storm currently in the Atlantic Ocean. Delta is currently generating winds of 0 miles per hour. It is located  miles . , and headed PE HTML PUBLIC W3CD at null miles per hour. The forecast is for this motion to change with reduction in forward speed this afternoon.  A turn toward the north is forecast to occur by late tonight, followed by a northnortheastward motion by Friday afternoon or Friday night. On the forecast track, the center of Delta will move over the western Gulf of Mexico this afternoon, over the northwestern Gulf of Mexico on Friday, and then move inland within the hurricane warning area Friday afternoon or Friday night. A hurricane warning is in effect for High Island, Texas to Morgan City, Louisiana. Hurricane conditions are expected within the hurricane warning area by Friday afternoon or evening, with tropical storm conditions expected within this area by early Friday.  Tropical storm conditions are expected within the tropical storm warning areas on Friday, and are possible in the tropical storm watch area Friday night.  Would you like complete forecast details on all of the active tropical storms.
Yes
Here is the latest forecast. As of 1000 AM Central Daylight Time, Saturday, October 10 2020, in the Atlantic Ocean, Tropical Depression Delta is currently producing winds of 0 miles per hour. The storm center has a low pressure of null millibars. From the National Hurricane Center in Miami, Florida. A Hurricane Warning has been issued for High Island, Texas to Morgan City, Louisiana. . A Hurricane Warning means that hurricane conditions are expected somewhere within the warning area within the next 36 hours. The storm center is currently located near n<.DOCTYPE  North and TYPE  West and approximately  miles . . Present movement is toward the PE HTML PUBLIC W3CD at null miles per hour, and this general motion is expected to change with reduction in forward speed this afternoon.  A turn toward the north is forecast to occur by late tonight, followed by a northnortheastward motion by Friday afternoon or Friday night. On the forecast track, the center of Delta will move over the western Gulf of Mexico this afternoon, over the northwestern Gulf of Mexico on Friday, and then move inland within the hurricane warning area Friday afternoon or Friday night. . Friday through Saturday, Delta is expected to produce 5 to 10 inches of rain, with isolated maximum totals of 15 inches, from southwest into southcentral Louisiana. These rainfall amounts will lead to significant flash, urban, small stream flooding, along with minor to isolated moderate river flooding. For extreme east Texas into northern Louisiana, southern Arkansas and western Mississippi, Delta is expected to produce 3 to 6 inches of rain, with isolated maximum totals of 10 inches.  These rainfall amounts will lead to flash, urban, small stream and isolated minor river flooding. As Delta moves farther inland, 1 to 3 inches of rain, with locally higher amounts, are expected in the Ohio Valley and Mid Atlantic this weekend. .  Hurricane conditions are expected within the hurricane warning area by Friday afternoon or evening, with tropical storm conditions expected within this area by early Friday.  Tropical storm conditions are expected within the tropical storm warning areas on Friday, and are possible in the tropical storm watch area Friday night. . The next complete advisory will be at 01 Transiti.  Please check back later as we track this potentially dangerous event. If you would like to learn more about storms, please say something like Tell me a Storm Fact.
Stop
Okay, is there any other information I can provide you about tropical storms. For example, you can say, tell me a storm fact.
What's the time
<--skill exit-->What other information would you like on tropical storms. For example, you can say, What are the storms for this year.

