round 1:
Alexa open portal master
Welcome to Skylanders Imaginators Helper. You can ask about an individual Skylander, what is an Imaginite, or for a Skylander tip. Which will it be.
Help
Help Ok, got it. Heres what you can ask Tell me about Master Ambush or some other SkyLander, How do I win. Give me a tip, or tell me about the Sensei .
Master Ambush
Here is Skylander Master Ambush. Its catch phrase is Weed'em and Reap.. Element of type Life. Battle Class is Knight. There were many mysterious things in the Mystical Bamboo Forest,but none more so than Ambush. The forest was considered to be one of Skylands' greatest natural wonders and no outsider, good or bad, was ever permitted to trespass. But that didn't stop Kaos' mother. After deciding that the ancient trees would make an exquisite display in her Royal Courtyard, she commanded her army of chainsawwielding trolls to chop down the entire forest. This angered Ambush, the mystical treeknight, who saw the atrocity and swore revenge.. See your Alexa app for more info. , Which other Skylander would you like to hear about.
permitted
Here is Skylander Tae Kwon Crow. Its catch phrase is Who Dares Face Me.. Element of type Fire. Battle Class is Ninja. Tae Kwon Crow was once the leader of a villainous band of air pirates in Skyhighlands. But pirating was never his true passion. All that really mattered to him was stopping anyone that dared to do anything that he deemed out of character.. See your Alexa app for more info.  Should I tell you details of popular Skylanders .
Yes
Here is Skylander Master Star Cast. Its catch phrase is A Shot in the Dark.. Element of type Dark. Battle Class is Ninja. No one knows where Starcast came from, including Starcast himself. He was first seen falling out of the sky and landing directly on top of Master Eon, after he had made a wish for a Ninja Master to train the new generation of Skylanders.. See your Alexa app for more info.  Should I tell you details of popular Skylanders .
No
Here is Skylander Dr. Krancase. Its catch phrase is The Docter is In.. Element of type Tech. Battle Class is Quickshot. No one is really quite sure what exactly Dr. Krankcase is a doctor of. But his technical engineering achievements are legendary. The secret to his success lies in his modified concoction of glowing green goo, which causes wooden objects to come to life and turn evil. His unique skill set makes him a valuable asset to the Doom Raiders, who have plenty of nefarious uses for evil wooden creatures. It is also commonly known that Dr. Krankcase served as an evil inspiration to Kaos once upon a time, who had figured out how to make his own wooden creatures, the Wilikin, come to life after reading about the doctor's exploits in the Minion Monthly Catalog.. See your Alexa app for more info.  Would you like to hear about another Skylander.
Yes
Here is Skylander Chompy Mage. Its catch phrase is Chompy Power.. Element of type Life. Battle Class is Bazooker. Believe it or not, the Chompy Mage actually hatched from inside a Chompy Pod. At least that is how his Chompy hand puppet tells the story. Having been raised by Chompies, it is no surprise that the old magician is a little strange. He simply grew up embracing the Chompy way  believing that Skylands would be a better place if everyone was a Chompy  an illegal enchantment which he has actually tried to perform on several occasions. It was this kind of magic that led to him to be locked up inside Cloudcracker Prison. After breaking out and joining the other Doomlanders, Chompy Mage was once again captured by the Skylanders, Eon gave these Villains a choice  either go back to jail or become Skylander Senseis, teaching a new generation of Imaginators their formidable battle skills as well as how to stay clear of a life of crime.. See your Alexa app for more info.  Which would you like to know a SkyLander tip or how to win.
joining
Here is Skylander Master Tri Tip. Its catch phrase is Face The Mace.. Element of type Earth. Battle Class is Smasher. Long before he became a Sensei, TriTip wandered Skylands searching for the mythical Warping Walnut Tree, rumored to never be at the same place long before moving to a new location. After many years, he found the tree  and just before it vanished once again, he took from it a Golden Walnut, which was said to reveal life's purpose to those who could open it.. See your Alexa app for more info.  Would you like to hear about another Skylander.
to reveal life 's purpose
Here is Skylander Master Tide Pool. Its catch phrase is In a League of my Own.. Element of type Water. Battle Class is Quickshot. Long before she became a Sensei, Tidepool was an undercover agent for a top secret organization known as the Aqua Marines. However, one day she was betrayed by her superiors, who were part of an even more top secret organization intent on destroying Skylands.. See your Alexa app for more info.  Should I tell you details of popular Skylanders .
No
Here is Skylander Dr. Krancase. Its catch phrase is The Docter is In.. Element of type Tech. Battle Class is Quickshot. No one is really quite sure what exactly Dr. Krankcase is a doctor of. But his technical engineering achievements are legendary. The secret to his success lies in his modified concoction of glowing green goo, which causes wooden objects to come to life and turn evil. His unique skill set makes him a valuable asset to the Doom Raiders, who have plenty of nefarious uses for evil wooden creatures. It is also commonly known that Dr. Krankcase served as an evil inspiration to Kaos once upon a time, who had figured out how to make his own wooden creatures, the Wilikin, come to life after reading about the doctor's exploits in the Minion Monthly Catalog.. See your Alexa app for more info.  Would you like to hear about another Skylander.
Yes
Here is Skylander Grave Clobber. Its catch phrase is A Watery Grave Awaits.. Element of type Water. Battle Class is Brawler. Grave Clobber was once a great pharaoh who ruled the Golden Desert long ago. That was until his seven jealous brothers buried him in an underwater tomb while he was sleeping. But the remaining brothers still fought among themselves, and their infighting ultimately led to their kingdom falling apart and the family name being lost forever almost. Because Grave Clobber eventually rose from his watery grave, and when he discovered what his brothers had done to their kingdom, he hunted each of them down and clobbered them. This was how he came to the attention of the Golden Queen, who now ruled the desert herself.. See your Alexa app for more info.  Would you like to hear about another Skylander.
No
Here is Skylander Hood Sickle. Its catch phrase is Any Last Words.. Element of type Dark. Battle Class is Sentinel. At first glance, it's easy to be frightened by Hood Sickle. Some say it's his imposing stature that freaks them out. Others are unnerved by his menacing hood. But most just try to stay away from his long, sharp scythe  and it didn't help that he had a bad habit of disappearing and then suddenly popping up behind unsuspecting people. In fact, the Trap Masters that locked him away in Cloudcracker Prison hoped they would never have to see him again. But Master Eon thought there might be a chance for Hood Sickle to change his ways. Everyone said Eon was crazy, but after spending time with the mysterious creep, Eon learned that Hood Sickle was actually not a bad guy  just really super spooky.. See your Alexa app for more info.  Should I tell you details of popular Skylanders .
Stop
Ok, see you next time Portal Master.
What's the time
<--skill exit-->The time is 543 AM.

