alexa open adventure game
Ok, Here's Adventure GameWelcome to your first Adventure! Your dragon adventure will start now. .<Short audio>You are on the top of a cliff looking over a dense forest. It is getting dark as the sun is setting and the last sunrays reach your skin. You look down, and you see a rock in the shape of a cube with strange markings. Do you pick up the stone?
yes
The cube shaped stone has six sides. The top side looks like a cliff that is in the sun, strangely familiar with where you are now. This top side also shows four letters, one near each side. Clockwise it spells. N. E. S. W. You take out your compass and you see that these letters correspond with North, East, South and West. The four sides have four markings. On the north there is a castle. To the east there is a cave. To the west there is a treasure chest. On the south there is a lake. On the bottom of the cubed stone is a fierce image of a dragon that is spewing fire, but the bottom contains no directions. There is however a small indentation on the bottom of the cube as if something is missing. Which direction would you like to go now. You can go to the north, east, south or West.
north
<Short audio>You walk north for quite a distance. It is really getting darker and you hear some wild animal sounds in the dense forest. You approach a castle that is completely covered by the forest. A large part of the castle has collapsed and is no longer accessible, as if a big fire and battle has destroyed it. The stones look deeply black from the carbon released by the fire. There are some bright deep white scratches on some stones. One tower however is still standing as if it was created yesterday. You walk up to the tower and decide to go inside.<Short audio>You follow the stone stairs upstairs and you find a room. Inside the room are three items. A sword. A magic orb. And an old painting of a mouse. All three items are very heavy and you can only take one with you. Which item do you take with you?
the magic orb
You have taken the Heavy magic orb. Some people believe that you can see the future in such orbs. You look inside it, but it just looks misty to you. . Where do you want to go now. You can go. South, East, West, or Back to the cliff.
south
<Short audio>You arrived at the lake. However there is nothing to do here. However you decide to take some water with you, you were thirsty anyway. . Where do you want to go now. You can go. East, West, or Back to the cliff.
west
You arrive at the treasurebox. You open it up.<Short audio>There is a red ruby in the box. This red ruby fits perfectly in the bottom side of the cubed stone. The stone suddenly starts shaking and the image of the dragon turns bright red. You look up back at the cliff and you see a red light emitting from the top. . Where do you want to go now. You can go. East, or Back to the cliff.
east
<Short audio>You look behind you and see the cliff in the distance. In front of you the entrance of a dark cave is looming. The trees around the cave are very small and young, and there are a lot of colorfull flowers. The cave itself however is deep and dark. You go inside and you quickly stumble over some objects. You find a wooden shield, a saddle. and a book filled with ancient spells. Your bag can only carry one further item. Which item do you take with you.
the book
You have taken the book containing magical spells and ancient literature. You are uncertain if you will understand any of it, but maybe it is useful. . Where do you want to go now. You can go. Back to the cliff.
back to the cliff
You arrive back at the cliff, where an amazingly bright red light is shining now at the top. A gap has opened where you have been standing before and a small stairs is now showing. at the end of the stairs there is a square hole in the wall, it is the same size as the cube stone.<Short audio>You decide to put in the cubed stone. The moment you do this a big roar can be heard. You run back to the top of the stairs and you see a magnificant dragon blasting away a rock and crawling out of its hiding place.<Short audio><Short audio><Short audio>This dragon however is very annoyed. You take out your magic orb and you look at it. You see yourself in the future being eaten by the dragon. Unfortunately this is the end for you. There is a solution to all of this. Would you like to try the game again.
no
Thank you for playing the adventure game
