alexa open mayor of branson
Ok, Here's Mayor Karen Best.Howdy , Bransons Mayor Karen Best wishes to extend a warm welcome to each and every voter in the Branson area and hopes you will support Mayor Best by re-electing her on April Second. The Missouri Secretary of State has set the spring local election day as April 2, 2019. Registered voters in Branson will be able to vote for the Mayor and Alderman representing their Ward. Your vote is your voice in action. I can tell you things like Karens personal mission statement, her To Do list for the next term, and information on the issues. You may say Help at any time for a complete listings of things you can ask. But to get started, say Tell me about Mayor Best.
help
Greetings from Mayor Karen Best. I can do several things to help you. You can ask me things like, Tell me about the mayor. What is Mayor Bests mission statement? Where does Mayor Best stand on the issues? Tell me about Public Safety. Tell me about Infrastructure. Tell me about Economic Development. Why is the mayor running for re-election? What is on the mayors to do list? Or I can help you volunteer for the mayor or request Mayor Best at an event. I know that is a lot, so if you need me to repat it, just say repeat, and then interrupt me with what you want to do. Now, what can I do for you?
tell me about the mayor
Mayor Karen Best is currently serving her second term as Mayor of Branson, Missouri. Her professional resume includes twenty years as an educator and Principal and thirteen years as a high performing real estate agent. In addition, Karen has a history with MGM studios in Los Angeles where she managed publicity and special events. She loves to travel with friends and family in her spare time. If there is an event in the community, you will probably see her smiling face. Let me tell you about the pressing issues. Ask me, what are the issues?
what is mayor bests mission statement
H. O. P. E. Hope equals Helping Other People Excel. Let me tell you why Mayor Best is running for re-election. Just ask me, Why is the mayor running for re-election?
why is the mayor running for re-election
"Karen is deeply committed to maintaining the beauty and history of the Ozarks while impacting the future growth and economic diversity of the community. In her past two terms she has worked hard to improve public safety, infrastructure, and economic development. If you believe in a better Branson, vote to re-elect Mayor Karen Best on April 2nd, 2019. If you are all done, you can Goodbye, or say help for a list of commands.
where does mayor best stand on the issues
Mayor Best has categorized important issues as P. I. E. P. stands for Public Safety. I. stands for Infrastructure. E. stands for Economic Development. I want to tell you about all of those, but you should start start with Public Safety. Just say, Alexa tell me about Public Safety.
alexa tell me about public safety
Public safety includes reducing crime by 14% with increased police presence and improve response times. A new police and fire station are being built to further serve our citizens. New codes have been established to increase public safety at lodging establishments. Now lets talk about the infrastructure issues Branson is facing. Just say, Tell me about the mayors infrastructure concerns.
tell me about the mayors infrastructure concerns
Branson Infrastructure includes water, sewer, streets and parks. A new water tower on the west side of Branson is in the planning stages. Completion is slated for twelve to eighteen months. Mayor Best has been to Washington DC, meeting with President Trumps special assistant to seek funding for protection of the sewer system. Recently, Housing and Urban Development allocated fifty million dollars to five zip codes in Missouri, including Branson. Mayor Best will be competing for one million dollars to build a retaining wall to protect the sewer plant. It will cost over one hundred million dollars to rebuild the treatment plant if it is compromised by flooding. Road maintenance and improvement of twenty-two miles of pavement is also on the radar. Many agricultural fields that were damaged during multiple floods requiring a restoration and recovery initiative. Would you like to hear about Econimic Development? if so, just say Tell me about Economic Development.
tell me about the mayors infrastructure concerns
Branson Infrastructure includes water, sewer, streets and parks. A new water tower on the west side of Branson is in the planning stages. Completion is slated for twelve to eighteen months. Mayor Best has been to Washington DC, meeting with President Trumps special assistant to seek funding for protection of the sewer system. Recently, Housing and Urban Development allocated fifty million dollars to five zip codes in Missouri, including Branson. Mayor Best will be competing for one million dollars to build a retaining wall to protect the sewer plant. It will cost over one hundred million dollars to rebuild the treatment plant if it is compromised by flooding. Road maintenance and improvement of twenty-two miles of pavement is also on the radar. Many agricultural fields that were damaged during multiple floods requiring a restoration and recovery initiative. Would you like to hear about Econimic Development? if so, just say Tell me about Economic Development.
tell me about economic development
Public safety includes reducing crime by 14% with increased police presence and reduced call times. A new police station is being built in a centralized location to further serve our citizens with more officers and faster response time. In addition, a new fire station is being built in south Branson to increase the number of firefighters and a reduction in call times. New codes have been established to increase public safety at lodging establishments. Let me tell you about Why it is important to vote for Karen Best. Just ask me, Why is it important to vote for Karen Best?
why is it important to vote for karen best
She is a dedicated visionary who has established a proven track record of success. During her tenure there has been a steady rise in economic development which includes almost one hundred forty-three million in building permit values. In addition, she has lobbied the White House and Congress for infrastructure funding in excess of fifty million dollars . Mayor Best has extended her reach to develop relationships with Missouri Governor Parsons and his administration as well as President Trumps administration to shine the light on issues in the Branson community. If you would like to hear what Mayor Best feels are the biggest challenges for Branson, just ask, What are the challenges we face?
what are the challenges we face
Drug addiction in our community is our biggest challenge. We are a caring community who wants to help those in need. Unfortunately, we have also become a community that is attracting individuals fighting addiction through drug rehabilitation programs. With an average success rate of fifteen percent. We are challenged with the eight-five percent who fail the programs and remain in our community, addicted, homeless and jobless. We must continue to help those in our community fighting addiction but also, find a way to help those who fail the drug treatment programs relocate to an area with greater resources. To learn more about what is on the Mayors to do list, just ask me, Alexa what is on the Mayors to do list. Now, how can I help you?
alexa what is on the mayors to do list
Mayor Best wants to continue working on safety and security for residents and visitors of Branson. She has lobbied Kellyanne Conway, Counsel to the president and President Trump for assistance in combating the opioid crisis in our community. Lack of regulations on drug residential treatment facilities are creating challenges for our community. Kellyanne and Senator Blunt continue to discuss solutions regarding opiod crisis. As Co-Chair of the twenty twenty census for the state of Missouri, Mayor Best wants to make sure Branson continues to receive a fair share of state and federal funding. This requires extensive engagement with Governor Parson and his team. I would love to tell you the mayors mission statement. Just ask, Alexa, what is Mayor Bests mission statement?
stop
Arrivederci , This Voice Experience was paid for by Karen Best for Mayor, Timothy S. Davis, Treasurer, and created by VoiceXP dot com