alexa open pico e. placa
Ok, Here's Pico y Placa.Hi, welcome to Medejean's Pico e Placa Alexa Skill. The restriction for which day or numbers would you like to know about?
help
You can choose among these days and numbers: monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. Be sure to use the full name .
oh
You haven't used a proper day or number, you can say Help.
zero
Zero has pico e placa on Tuesday and Thursday. What other day or number would you like to know about??
one
one has pico e placa on Tuesday and Thursday. What other day or number would you like to know about??
two
two has pico e placa on Tuesday and Friday. What other day or number would you like to know about??
three
three has pico e placa on Tuesday and Friday. What other day or number would you like to know about??
four
four has pico e placa on Wednesday and Friday. What other day or number would you like to know about??
five
five has pico e placa on Wednesday and Friday. What other day or number would you like to know about??
six
six has pico e placa on Monday and Wednesday. What other day or number would you like to know about??
seven
seven has pico e placa on Monday and Wednesday. What other day or number would you like to know about??
eight
eight has pico e placa on Monday and Thursday. What other day or number would you like to know about??
nine
nine has pico e placa on Monday and Thursday. What other day or number would you like to know about??
monday
Monday's pico e placa is: 6 7 8 and 9. What other day or number would you like to know about??
tuesday
Tuesday's pico e placa is: 0 1 2 and 3. What other day or number would you like to know about?
wednesday
Wednesday's pico e placa is: 4 5 6 and 7. What other day or number would you like to know about?
thursday
Thursday's pico e placa is: 8 9 0 and 1. What other day or number would you like to know about?
friday
Friday's pico e placa is: 2 3 4 and 5. What other day or number would you like to know about?
saturday
You haven't used a proper day or number, you can say Help.
stop
Thank you. Bye Bye!