alexa open wine down
Ok, Here's Wine Down.Wine Down contains mature content that may not be suitable for all ages.Would you like to continue?
yes
Welcome wine lover! Start with a winedown overview by saying: overview. You can also say: commandments, voting, details, or host prep. What would you like to know about?
overview
Winedown is a dinner party where you invite around 10 of your best foodie friends and eat delicious food, paired with delicious wine. It is a competition, but you'll have fun even if you come in last. Each person has to make their own dish and bring their own pairing wine. They get rated on how well they go together. There is one winner who gets to pick the theme or rule for the next meeting. Dishes get better with time as the group learns from each other. Nothing can beat good food, good wine and good friends. Now go schedule your next winedown!! Whahoo! For more info, you can say: commandments, voting, details, or host prep.
commandments
1. Thou shall cook to win. 2. Thou shall use at least three ingredients. 3. Thou shall honor the winner's wishes. 4. Thou shall arrive on time. 5. Thou shall present your dish and wine. 6. Thou shall cheers before the first bite of each dish. 7. Thou shall not waste food. 8. Thou shall not spill wine. 9. Thou shall not vote for yourself. 10. Thou shall have fun. For more info, you can say: overview, voting, details, or host prep.
voting
Once all dishes have been tasted, everyone will get a piece of paper and a pen. Each participant should vote for Best Wine, Best Food and Best Pairing. You can also optionally vote for a random category such as best newbie, best use of theme, most original, etcetera. The best paring category must have a first, second and third place on each vote. First place on pairing gets four points, second place gets two and third place gets one. All votes should be collected in a jar or preferably a small chest. Once all votes are in, the moderator will read them out loud and designated counter will pay close attention and record the results. Sometimes counters have had too much wine and miss the count. They should be immediately revoked of their counting duties. You can optionally have a mid tally count to add drama. Finally once all votes have been read, the final count is announced and the winner is revealed. The winner now gets to take the trophy home and sets a rule for the next meeting. For more info, you can say: overview, commandments, details, or host prep.
details
The host will send a calendar invite at least two weeks before the event with a recap of the last episode, the big announcement of the rule of the next meet and ideally a joke. The day of, the host will set a long table with some fun decorations, full dinner set and of course, two wine glasses on each seat for whites and reds. When all your foodie friends have arrived, they will announce what they brought and a lineup will be set to progress from appetizers to dessert. They will now present their dishes and wine one at a time. Oven should stay warm and contestants can put their dishes in at any time to be prepared for their turn. They are welcome to use the microwave or the fridge as well. For each participant, no food can be tasted until everyone has both food and wine, at which point everyone should cheer. After all dishes have been tasted, foodies will vote on their favorite wine, food and paring. Pairing will take the trophy home and should be voted for first, second and third place in that category getting four, two and one points respectively. Winner of the pairing category gets to come without bringing anything next time and gets to set a rule for the next meet. Now go schedule your next winedown!! Whahoo! For more info, you can say: commandments, voting, overview, or host prep.
host prep
Make sure you have forks, knives, spoons, plates, napkins, pen and paper and of course, two wine glasses per seat. Have a wine opener in the table as well as water and some fun decorations. Don't forget to keep the over warm and make some space in the fridge. Have some bowls and extra plates available and clean out the dishwasher. Make some space on a side table to put platters after they have been served. Then you are ready to go! For more info, you can say: overview, voting, details, or commandments.
stop
Have a nice day!