alexa open backgammon helper
Ok, Here's Backgammon Helper.Backgammon Helper. You can ask how to set up the game, about an individual piece, what the rules are, how to win, or for a backgammon tip. Which will it be?
how to set up the game
Each side of the board has a track of 12 long triangles, called points. The points are considered to be connected across one edge of the board, forming a continuous track in the shape of a horseshoe, and are numbered from 1 to 24. In the most commonly used setup, each player begins with fifteen checkers, two are placed on their 24-point, three on their 8-point, and five each on their 13-point and their 6-point. The two players move their checkers in opposing directions, from the 24-point towards the 1-point. Points 1 through 6 are called the home board or inner board, and points 7 through 12 are called the outer board. The 7-point is referred to as the bar point, and the 13-point as the midpoint. Which would you like to know: how to set up the game or what the rules are?
what the rules are
Each side of the board has a track of 12 long triangles, called points. The points are considered to be connected across one edge of the board, forming a continuous track in the shape of a horseshoe, and are numbered from 1 to 24. In the most commonly used setup, each player begins with fifteen checkers, two are placed on their 24-point, three on their 8-point, and five each on their 13-point and their 6-point. The two players move their checkers in opposing directions, from the 24-point towards the 1-point. Points 1 through 6 are called the home board or inner board, and points 7 through 12 are called the outer board. The 7-point is referred to as the bar point, and the 13-point as the midpoint. Which would you like to know: a backgammon tip or how to win?
a backgammon tip
Don't get over excited when you get a lot of huge rolls and doubles in a match. You should consider every possible option every time you make great double rolls in backgammon. Make sure you find the best possible move and not let your excitement get the best of you. Which would you like to know: how to set up the game or what the rules are?
an individual piece
Sorry I couldn't find that piece, please try again. What other pieces would you like to hear about?
how to win
Each player attempts to move all his pieces into the inner table nearest to him, his home table, and once that is achieved, to move or "bear" the pieces off the board. The first player to do this wins. However, that is only half the story because backgammon is not being played properly unless it is being played for stakes. So the ultimate objective of a Backgammon match is to win more stakes than the opponent. Which would you like to know: a backgammon tip or how to win?
stop
Ok, see you next time!