alexa open guest reception
Ok, Here's Guest Reception.It’s nice, that guests are here! Who can I welcome today?
pigxu
Enter Pigxu. Feel completely at home! Who else can I greet?
harvey
And it came to pass in those days when Harvey came to us and I learned to walk on water!If there is anybody else here, please tell me his or her name!
grace
Oh, hello Grace. Finally someone with your level arrives! If there is anybody else here, please tell me his or her name!
violet
Just yesterday I thought about how nice it would be for Violet to visit us!If there is anybody else here, please tell me his or her name!
billy
Gosh! Billy is there, and I'm as happy as a sandboy!If there is anybody else here, please tell me his or her name!
julia
It was finally time to see you here, Julia! Who else can I greet?
julian
Everybody to the boats and put your life jackets on! Julian is here!If there is anybody else here, please tell me his or her name!
talor
Jeepers creepers! We'll never be this young again, Talor!Who else can I greet?
adele
Last week we talked about you Adele. And now you are finally there!Who else can I greet?
sheeran
I don’t believe it! Sheeran is here and I am happy like next doors dog!Who else can I greet?
selena
Let's make a real party today Selena. I hope you're with it!Who else can I greet?
lucy
Lucy is here. What a splendor in our hut! Who else can I greet?
sally
Nice that you're here Sally. I thought we had to play Mikado again today.If there is anybody else here, please tell me his or her name!
bob
In the past, my grandmother always told me about Bob at the fireplace. As if she'd known I'd meet you one day.If there is anybody else here, please tell me his or her name!
jerry
Who would have thought that Jerry would come today? Not me!If there is anybody else here, please tell me his or her name!
hilary
Later, I will tell my children about the day when Hilary came to us.If there is anybody else here, please tell me his or her name!
harry
Bird flies, fish floats, Harry runs, and comes to us. Wonderful!Who else can I greet?
jessica
The sun rises, and the moon shines in all colors. Jessica has finally arrived! If there is anybody else here, please tell me his or her name!
it's over
I am not able to do this.If there is anybody else here, please tell me his or her name!
stop
Good Bye Pigxu, Harvey, Grace, Violet, Billy, Julia, Julian, Talor, Adele, Sheeran, Selena, Lucy, Sally, Bob, Jerry, Hilary, Harry and Jessica Please visit www.guestreception.rocks to edit or delete your individual greetings