Alexa open barsa news
Ok, Here's NewsChest: Unofficial FC Barcelona news.<Short audio>.With the Barca news skill, you can get news on the Barcelona team. Say: get news, or, get headlines
get news
.<Short audio>.'It's not fair if a team fights at the top and cannot qualify' Manchester City and former FC Barcelona manager Pep Guardiola has criticized the newly formed European Super League, saying "it's not sport if you can't lose." City and Barcelona are among the 12 founding members of the competition, but Guardiola has taken a dim view towards the Super League. "If you ask me [why] these teams have been selected, I don't know the reason why," he said The founding members cannot be Pep Guardiola speaks out against Super League: 'It's not sport if you can't lose'. Next article.
yes
.<Short audio>.Headline: Cucurella sends Getafe warning ahead of Barcelona clash. Read this article or get you the next one.
read this article
.<Short audio>.The two teams meet in La Liga on Thursday Marc Cucurella has warned his Getafe team-mates they can't afford any mistakes if they are to get a result against his former club Barcelona on Thursday in La Liga. Barca head into the match on a high after winning the Copa del Rey and face a Getafe side on a run of six games without a win. Getafe did hold Real Madrid to a 0-0 draw last time out, and Cucurella says his team must be perfect at the Camp Nou if they are to take the three points. "They Cucurella sends Getafe warning ahead of Barcelona clash. Next article.
yeah
.<Short audio>.Headline: OU softball: Jaiden Fields, Georgia end Sooners' 40-game winning streak. Read this article or get you the next one.
no
.<Short audio>.'It's not fair if a team fights at the top and cannot qualify' Manchester City and former FC Barcelona manager Pep Guardiola has criticized the newly formed European Super League, saying "it's not sport if you can't lose." City and Barcelona are among the 12 founding members of the competition, but Guardiola has taken a dim view towards the Super League. "If you ask me [why] these teams have been selected, I don't know the reason why," he said The founding members cannot be Pep Guardiola speaks out against Super League: 'It's not sport if you can't lose'. Next article.
no
.<Short audio>.'It's not fair if a team fights at the top and cannot qualify' Manchester City and former FC Barcelona manager Pep Guardiola has criticized the newly formed European Super League, saying "it's not sport if you can't lose." City and Barcelona are among the 12 founding members of the competition, but Guardiola has taken a dim view towards the Super League. "If you ask me [why] these teams have been selected, I don't know the reason why," he said The founding members cannot be Pep Guardiola speaks out against Super League: 'It's not sport if you can't lose'. Next article.
stop
.<Short audio>. Hope you liked this skill. Bye for now.