alexa open the crying baby
Ok, Here's The Crying Baby.<Short audio>.oh dear You have woken up the crying baby... You're gonna have to take care of her now! Because it's your first time playing with the crying baby, let me tell you a bit more about her... The crying baby is a true artist, and what she loves best is to perform her very annoying...I mean...beautiful cries for you! For a full list of her registry or general help, just say 'More Info'. If not, you can get started by asking her to do a I want a cuddle, bored, or starving cry. Can't decide? Simply ask for a random cry!
more info
This game is pretty simple, you ask the crying baby for the type of cry you want to hear, and she performs it for you. At the moment, you can ask her for a: normal, tired, angry, bored, I want a cuddle, sleepy, starving, wait for it, grumpy, or mega tantrum cry. Otherwise, you can ask baby for a random cry, and she'll choose any that you haven't listened to yet. Now, just ask baby for a cry and enjoy!
a random cry
<Short audio>.Simply beautiful. I've got goosebumps. Why not go for one of baby's favorites next, like the mega tantrum, or sleepy cry. Otherwise, I'm sure that the crying baby will be delighted to do another random cry for you!
normal
<Short audio>.As usual, this was breathtaking! This time, why don't you ask for a mega tantrum, or bored cry. Otherwise, the crying baby likes to do random cries. Just ask for it!
tired
<Short audio>.Wow, what a performance! Why not go for one of baby's favorites next, like the angry, or bored cry. If you can't decide, just request a random cry. You won't be disappointed!
angry
<Short audio>.As usual, this was breathtaking! For the next one, may I recommend the sleepy, or grumpy cry. If you can't decide, just request a random cry. You won't be disappointed!
bored
<Short audio>.Oh my gosh! Did the crying baby just laugh? You must be an expert with babies! Don't expect her good mood to last for long though! Next, why not try the bored, or wait for it cry. Otherwise, the crying baby likes to do random cries. Just ask for it!
i want a cuddle
<Short audio>.The crying baby sure knows how to put on a show! For the next one, may I recommend the wait for it, or mega tantrum cry. Otherwise, just ask for a random cry.
sleepy
<Short audio>.Once again, the crying baby didn't hold back! This time, why don't you ask for a mega tantrum, or bored cry. Otherwise, the crying baby likes to do random cries. Just ask for it!
starving
<Short audio>.That was a good one, wasn't it? Why not go for one of baby's favorites next, like the grumpy, or mega tantrum cry. Otherwise, just ask for a random cry.
wait for it
<Short audio>.Wow, what a performance! This time, why don't you ask for a grumpy, or mega tantrum cry. Otherwise, just ask for a random cry.
grumpy
<Short audio>.Once again, the crying baby didn't hold back! Why not go for one of baby's favorites next, like the bored, or mega tantrum cry. If you can't decide, just request a random cry. You won't be disappointed!
mega tantrum
<Short audio>.Once again, the crying baby didn't hold back! Why not go for one of baby's favorites next, like the bored cry. Otherwise, just ask for a random cry.
stop
The crying baby really doesn't want you to leave...<Short audio>.Make sure to play with her again soon!